Develop stream 2025 05 06 (#731)
ROCm/rocPRIM: CHANGELOG.md

    * past default: `class AccType = detail::input_type_t<InitValueType>>`
    * new default: `class AccType = rocprim::invoke_result_binary_op_t<rocprim::detail::input_type_t<InitValueType>, BinaryFunction>`

> * Added function `is_build_in` into `rocprim::traits::get`.

Reviewer: Move to the "added" section.

Author: Moved it to the added section.

* Changed the parameters `long_radix_bits` and `LongRadixBits` from `segmented_radix_sort` to `radix_bits` and `RadixBits` respectively.
* Marked the initialisation constructor of `rocprim::reverse_iterator<Iter>` `explicit`, use `rocprim::make_reverse_iterator`.

> * Dropped `c++14` support for rocprim.

Reviewer: In the hipCUB changelog, it clarifies that there's only C++17 support now. Do you want to specify that here too? If not, move this to "removed".

```suggestion
* Dropped `C++14` support for rocprim.
```

Author: I both moved it to removed and clarified that we only support C++17 now.

* Merged `radix_key_codec` into type_traits system.
* Renamed `type_traits_interface.hpp` to `type_traits.hpp`, rename the original `type_traits.hpp` to `type_traits_functions.hpp`.
* Removed `radix_sort.hpp`

> * Added virtual shared memory as a fallback option in `rocprim::device_merge` when it exceeds shared memory capacity, similar to `rocprim::device_select`, `rocprim::device_partition`, and `rocprim::device_merge_sort`, which already include this feature.

Reviewer: move to the "added" section.

Author: Moved it to the added section.

> * Added initial value support to device level inclusive scans.

Reviewer: Move to the "added" section

Author: Moved it to the added section.

> * Made new optimization for `device_transform` when the input and output are pointers.

Reviewer: I think this should be in "added". Not sure though because the sentence isn't clear. Is this a backend change where optimization has been added, or is this something a user would need to make changes for?

Author: Tried to clarify the statement and moved it to added.

> * Added `LoadType` to `transform_config`, which is used for the `device_transform` when the input and output are pointers.

Reviewer: Move to "added"

Author: Moved it to the added section.

  * This header included `rocprim::detail::match_result_type`. Use `rocprim::invoke_result_binary_op_t` instead.
* Removed the deprecated `rocprim::detail::radix_key_codec` function. Use `rocprim::radix_key_codec` instead.
* Due to the removal of `__AMDGCN_WAVEFRONT_SIZE` in the compiler, the following deprecated warp size-related symbols have been removed:
  * `rocprim::device_warp_size()`
    * For compile-time constants, this is replaced with `rocprim::arch::wavefront::min_size()` and `rocprim::arch::wavefront::max_size()`. Use this when allocating global or shared memory.
    * For run-time constants, this is replaced with `rocprim::arch::wavefront::size().`
  * `rocprim::warp_size()`
    * Use `rocprim::host_warp_size()`, `rocprim::arch::wavefront::min_size()` or `rocprim::arch::wavefront::max_size()` instead.
  * `ROCPRIM_WAVEFRONT_SIZE`
    * Use `rocprim::arch::wavefront::min_size()` or `rocprim::arch::wavefront::max_size()` instead.
  * `__AMDGCN_WAVEFRONT_SIZE`
    * This was a fallback define for the compiler's removed symbol, having the same name. 

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed `device_batch_memcpy` its reported benchmarking throughput being 2x lower than it was in reality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `device_batch_memcpy`  reported benchmarking throughput being 2x lower than it was in reality.
```

Author: Made the suggested changes.

> * Fixed `device_segmented_reduce` its reported autotuning throughput being 5x lower than it was in reality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where `device_segmented_reduce` reported autotuning throughput being 5x lower than it was in reality.
```

Author: Made the suggested changes.
